Yes, we are looking for Miss Lin to discuss cooperation.
Miss Lin
Our Tianyi Group is willing to spend less than 2 million
All
Lao Wang, you bought it all soon.
Then why am I here?
Miss Lin, I 5 million
Xiao Wang, don't you force me?
In this way, Miss Lin, I will pay 10 million
10 million
Ouch this one
You two bosses are so kind
Please promise quickly.
Promise grandma
Didn't you kick the conductor out?
Why did the conductor agree?
He is giving face not to
Two CEOs
I followed this project the whole way.
It's the same for you to find me.
What are you?
We only recognize you
Miss, since he was fired
Then we'll take our leave.
I'm so disappointed.
Tell you
From now on
All companies simultaneously
Cut all ties with Ning's Group
Hey, hey, wait, wait.
Hey this one
Grandma is confused
Grandma will compensate you.
Just because we are a family
Can you forgive grandma?